[docs] Add "What's new page" to doc-site and R V1 news article (#671) (#671)
chanzuckerberg/cellxgene-census: docs/census_article_guidelines.md

# Census "what's new?" article editorial guidelines

"What's new?" articles are blog-like short pieces intended to deliver information to the user on the following:

* Short descriptions of API updates.
* Short descriptions of Census data updates.
* Small description of an in-house analysis with the Census.
* Blurbs on external uses of the Census.

The goals of these articles are to have:

* Master reference articles to link for other channels (e.g. slack, twitter). 
* One-stop place for users to have a historical view of Census developments and analysis.

> A great model has been used for the [Apache Arrow Blog](https://arrow.apache.org/blog/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A great example of this approach is the [Apache Arrow Blog](https://arrow.apache.org/blog/).
```

## Location

The articles should be placed in the folder `./docs/articles/` and further organized in year subdirectories `[YYYY]/`. The articles should be in markdown format `*.md`

The articles should be named with a date prefix followed by a name `[YYYYMMDD]-[name].md`, the name is left to the discretion of the user.

For example:

`./docs/articles/2023/20230810-r_api_is_out.md`

## Guidelines

### Title

* It must use the highest-level markdown header `#`.
* It should be concise and self-explanatory.

Examples:

:white_check_mark: `# R package cellxgene.census 1.0.0 is out`

:white_check_mark: `# A new normalized layer has been added to the Census data`

:x: `# Cool new feature is out` *not self-explanatory*

:x: `# Errors in Census data 2023-05-15` *not self-explanatory*

### Date & author

> Immediately below the title, and date and author(s) should be added to the article in italics. The date should be in format "[DD] [Month] [YYY]" and followed by the keyword "Published: ", and the author(s) must be written after the keyboard "By: " have an email link. Both must be in italics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immediately below the title, and date and author(s) should be added to the article in italics. The date should be in format "[DD] [Month] [YYYY]" and followed by the keyword "Published: ", and the author(s) must be written after the keyboard "By: " have an email link. Both must be in italics.
```

Example:

```
*Published: 10 August 2023*

*By: [John Smith](author1@chanzuckerberg.com), [Phil Scoot](author2@chanzuckerberg.com)*
```

### Introduction

> Introductory text of 1-2 paragraphs must be included right underneath the the date and authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introductory text of 1-2 paragraphs must be included right underneath the date and authors.
```
